[GAME_NAME] is a technology start up company simulator.

LOGIN:
Welcome to [GAME_NAME], the game of technology startups.

REGISTER:
In order to play [GAME_NAME], please create a login. Running a company into the ground takes time, you can't do it overnight. [GAME_NAME] is a game you can log in to play as much or as little as you like, but there's a limit to how much you can achieve each day.


DASH
Welcome, [USER_NAME] to your company's dashboard. Here you see quick stats about your company, your employees, and your projects.

FIRST TIME
[NO STAFF] You should hire some staff! You'll need code monkeys of some sort to get your masterpiece software started. <hire staff>
[NO PROJECTS]Now that you've got the staff, its time to put them to work! <start a project>


CHART
Below is your company's latest valuation, a complicated algorithym that takes into account real world statistics tied to the tags you've chosen to fill your company with.

MY STAFF
These are the employees that you have hired, the skills they have, and the experience level for each of those skills. Their experience will grow over time as they work on your projects.

NO STAFF
You should hire some staff! <hire staff>

MY PROJECTS
These are the products your company creates. They can be anything your marketing happy guru brain can imagine.

NO PROJECTS
You better get crackin' on some projects! Without something in the pipeline, how will you get VC funding? <start a  project>




=== quotes ==

Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality the cost becomes prohibitive. - George F. Will

The revolution is not an apple that falls when it is ripe. You have to make it fall. - Che Guevara

Not a single leaf moves in this country if I'm not the one moving it. I want that to be clear! - Augusto Pinochet

Ideas are more powerful than guns. We would not let our enemies have guns, why should we let them have ideas? - Joseph Stalin

People have got to know whether or not their President is a crook. Well, I'm not a crook. I've earned everything I've got. - Richard Nixon

Ours is a people's democratic dictatorship, led by the working class and based on the worker-peasant alliance. - Mao Zedong

Power doesn't corrupt people, people corrupt power. - William Gaddis

Money can't buy happiness, but neither can poverty. - Leo Rosten

About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends. - Herbert Hoover	

It is better to own 10% of an elephant than 100% of a rat. - Arthur Mutambara

A dictatorship would be a heck of a lot easier, there's no question about it. - George W. Bush

This year - a factory of semiconductors. Next year - a factory of whole conductors! - Todor Zhivkov

"There are lies, damn lies, and statistics." - Benjamin Disraeli

"You can fool some of the people all of the time, and those are the ones you need to concentrate on." -Robert Strauss

"If you can't make it good, at least make it look good." -Bill Gates

“It takes these very simple-minded instructions—‘Go fetch a number, add it to this number, put the result there, perceive if it’s greater than this other number’––but executes them at a rate of, let’s say, 1,000,000 per second. At 1,000,000 per second, the results appear to be magic.” - Steve Jobs

“We think the Mac will sell zillions, but we didn’t build the Mac for anybody else. We built it for ourselves." - Steve Jobs

"Creativity is just connecting things." - Steve Jobs

"People don’t know what they want until you show it to them." - Steve Jobs

“Innovation has nothing to do with how many R&D dollars you have. When Apple came up with the Mac, IBM was spending at least 100 times more on R&D. It’s not about money. It’s about the people you have, how you’re led, and how much you get it.” - Steve Jobs

"640K ought to be enough for anybody." - Bill Gates

"If you can't make it good, at least make it look good." - Bill Gates

"Intellectual property has the shelf life of a banana." - Bill Gates